README.md, before:

# Project Title

Simple overview of use/purpose.

## Description

An in-depth paragraph about your project and overview of use.

## Getting Started
<!---
### Dependencies

* Describe any prerequisites, libraries, OS version, etc., needed before installing program.
* ex. Windows 10

### Installing

* How/where to download your program
* Any modifications needed to be made to files/folders

### Executing program

* How to run the program
* Step-by-step bullets
```
code blocks for commands
```
## Help

Any advise for common problems or issues.
```
command to run if program contains helper info
```
-->
## Authors
* Alejandro Crespo
* Susobhan Akhuli (https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/program-sudoku-generator/)

<!---
## Version History

* 0.2
    * Various bug fixes and optimizations
    * See [commit change]() or See [release history]()
* 0.1
    * Initial Release

## License

This project is licensed under the [NAME HERE] License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

## Acknowledgments

Inspiration, code snippets, etc.
* [awesome-readme](https://github.com/matiassingers/awesome-readme)
* [PurpleBooth](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/109311bb0361f32d87a2)
* [dbader](https://github.com/dbader/readme-template)
* [zenorocha](https://gist.github.com/zenorocha/4526327)
* [fvcproductions](https://gist.github.com/fvcproductions/1bfc2d4aecb01a834b46)
-->

Commit message:

Update Title y Description README.md

README.md, after:

# Sudoku (CMD Version)

This is a Sudoku game based on the cmd of Java

## Description

The rules are fully explained once the program is executed. They follow the basic rules of sudoku game.
You can also add notes to don't fully commit on the answer.
There is a system of 3 lives, you loose one life every time you guess wrong

## Getting Started
<!---
### Dependencies

* Describe any prerequisites, libraries, OS version, etc., needed before installing program.
* ex. Windows 10

### Installing

* How/where to download your program
* Any modifications needed to be made to files/folders

### Executing program

* How to run the program
* Step-by-step bullets
```
code blocks for commands
```
## Help

Any advise for common problems or issues.
```
command to run if program contains helper info
```
-->
## Authors
* Alejandro Crespo
* Susobhan Akhuli (https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/program-sudoku-generator/)

<!---
## Version History

* 0.2
    * Various bug fixes and optimizations
    * See [commit change]() or See [release history]()
* 0.1
    * Initial Release

## License

This project is licensed under the [NAME HERE] License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

## Acknowledgments

Inspiration, code snippets, etc.
* [awesome-readme](https://github.com/matiassingers/awesome-readme)
* [PurpleBooth](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/109311bb0361f32d87a2)
* [dbader](https://github.com/dbader/readme-template)
* [zenorocha](https://gist.github.com/zenorocha/4526327)
* [fvcproductions](https://gist.github.com/fvcproductions/1bfc2d4aecb01a834b46)
-->
